It aint great but it's okay. I was decently pleased I think.
Well worth all of my money. It'll last me a long time and i'll pass it on to my kids, then they'll pass it to their grand-kids. It'll become a family relic.
Product lives up to its hype. Take my money! Very gud product. If you're reading this, stop. Just buy the product already.
I like it. Don't think I love it...but I like it.
I don't have too many complaints about this product. It's fairly solid, and even the customer service was decent.
I am not entirely satisfied but its good enough for the price.
Works exactly as advertised! Great item and i'm very pleased
Could be a little better, but, honestly, it's not bad by any stretch. Good product!
Yes! Amazing product. I have been looking for a product all over! So happy BearMarket had it.
I was concerned about the product when it arrived at my doorstep, but it turned out great. Was pleasantly surprised
If you've been looking for a product like this, this is the one! I've been quite happy with it and i'd recommend it to others!
ABSOLUTELY ATROCIOUS. I'll never purchase this product again. I bought it and immediately threw it away it was so bad. I opened the box and without even looking at it, I knew it was garbage. Waste of my time, waste of resources, waste of money. The customer service was also poor too. I can't NOT recommend this product enough. Goodness.
It was disappointing and I would not recommend this product.
Well it was a wee over-priced if I'm being honest with ya. It could do with some improvement.
To be honest, I was pretty let down. Don't make the same mistake as me, do not buy this product
It's not a terrible product, but it's not good. It needs more features for sure
Too expensive. It does the job, but the quality is not where I'd like it to be.
Yikes. Avoid this product. It was frustrating to use and it did not work as it was advertised.
Save your money. This one ain't it. I'll pass!
bad product. Do not buy. Save your money
I was really enjoying this product...until a few months passed and it stopped working! Besides its short lifespan, it is a nice item.
I really wish this product was a little cheaper, or at least built better.
product was honestly a little disappointing, I was expecting legitimately BIG, big boy diamonds...only got small boy diamonds
It's average to be honest. I wasn't expecting anything crazy so I guess it matched its pricing. Decent bang for buck. Felt a little like plastic though.
WONDERFUL product! I highly recommend this. High quality, bargain price, and a good deal.
Pretty good! No complaints. It is what it claims to be